Now I'm adding a short errata to the course as I've shown you on the lecture about creating a local
queries scopes that you might use having Clowes to filter by the blog post count alliance which would
be the count which would be an alliance created from a sub query that will be added here because we
use with cards.
So basically this would add a sub query which would filter those blog posts in this relation.
So the problem is that when we run unit tests you can't see it here but the Eskew a light is complaining
that you can't use are having close without a group by which actually is a valid thing to do.
Inside the Eskew standard.
So my sequel well doesn't complain about that.
It's happy that you use that.
There is no problem with it but Eskew a light doesn't like that and the problem is that we are basically
not using aggregate as an result which we are selecting but we are creating an alliance.
So the proper way to do it for both my Eskew L and Eskew a light in Lavell is to actually use R has
method to filter the existence of a specific amount of results from the relation which we have here.
So the blog posts and instead of using the alliance name which is blog posts count we should use the
relation name blog posts and everything else stays the same.
Now if you will run the tests they are passing but also it works on the page so it works for the both
databases.
So sorry for that I am adding a late just because I want you to have a clean truck inside the Get Up.
What has changed and when and also I've added.
Well in the lecture when we do that there is also information that this would be fixed in this very
lecture.